# Trabalho Prático

Licenciatura em Engenharia de Sistemas Informáticos 2023-24

# Documentaçao

This project was made for the Computer Labs discipline with the aim of demonstrating our knowledge in C, Linux Shell and the use of Doxygen.

## Requirements:
* Ubuntu Linux (As the program has the MakeFile file ready for Linux, it will only be possible to run it on it)
* *sudo apt install build-essential* (To have the Make and Make Clean commands)

## How to use
* 1 - In Linux, in the shell make cd's until you reach the folder "*_d-36/src/LESI_PI_TP_22531_23006_23131_*"
* 2 - When typing in the shell "make clean" then "make" and then "./program -help" will execute a help command.
* 3 - When writing in the shell "make clean" then "make" and then "./program -bin" and then one of the 3 files (clientes.dat / Alimentos.dat / plano.dat) the program will read a of these files that are in machine language and present them in the shell.
* 4 - When writing in the shell "make clean" then "make" and then "./program -tab" and then one of the 3 files (clienteTab.txt / AlimentosTab.txt / PlanoTab.txt) the program will read a of these files that are divided by tabs and display them in the shell.
* 5 - When writing in the shell "make clean" then "make" and then "./program" will execute the program.

## How we generate the latex pdf?

In the website [OverLeaf](https://www.overleaf.com) We created an account and clicked on the *NEW PROJECT* button and uploaded the latex folder generated by Doxyfile.

## Explanation of files/folders:

* [src](./src) - Contains all development done for the project.
* [src/LESI_PI_TP_22531_23006_23131](./src/LESI_PI_TP_22531_23006_23131) - Contains all code in *.c* and *.h*.
* [src/html](./src/LESI_PI_TP_22531_23006_23131) - Folder with files generated by Doxyfile to create a page with program data.
* [src/latex](./src/LESI_PI_TP_22531_23006_23131) - Folder with files generated by Doxyfile to create latex documentation.
* [doc](./src/doc) - File created by Doxygen to configure it.
